Text input by tunmi13 productions
This class allows virtual input of text within BGT.
Features:
* The ability to mask the characters being typed, for password fields.
* Set the length of characters that can be typed in the field.
* Copy and paste support.
* Character repeat and capital letter behavior.
* Ability to set default text.

Text Input
text_input()
Parameters:
None
Remarks:
This constructor doesn't have anything in it, so you can put it at the top of your script like this.
text_input my_name;

Internal Functions:
These functions are used by the class internally, but if you need to use them externally, just be sure to call handle.function_name(parameters_go_here).

Reset
void reset()
Parameters:
None
Remarks:
This resets all settings to factory defaults. This is called at the initialization of the class, as well as when you call the input function.

Symbol to word
string symbol_to_word(string char)
Parameters:
char: The character to convert.
Return value:
A string containing the character in word form on success, or the original character if no symbol is detected.
Remarks:
This function searches for any symbols and generates the word form. For example, . is period, or ; (semi) is semicolon.

Input character
void input_character(string char)
Parameters:
char: The character to be inputted.
Remarks:
This function is used to add a character. As you type into the input box, this function is called to add the typed character into the field. The character is then spoken and inserted into the entry array at the cursor's position.

Speak character at
void speak_character_at(int position)
Parameters:
position: The position to search for.
Remarks:
This functionw ill only work if the position that is indicated is greater than -1, and is less than the length of the entry array. Otherwise nothing will be spoken.
This function is used when the user uses Left and Right arrows to navigate the input box, or to jump to the top and bottom of the input box with Home and End.


External Functions:
These functions can be used externally, they are not used by the class. Just be sure to call handle.function_name(parameters_go_here).

Input
string input(string ttl,string default_text="",bool uses_password=false,string mask_char="",int txtlength=0)
Parameters:
ttl: The title of the input box.
Optional parameters:
default_text: A string specifying the text that should be inputted into the box by default. Default is blank.
uses_password: A bool specifying whether the input box should be masked or not. Default is false.
mask_char: A string specifying the word/character that should be spoken in place of the original character. Default is blank.
txtlength: An int specifying how many characters are allowed in the input box. Default is 0, meaning no limit.
Remarks:
If you enable the password bool, whatever you set as the mask_char will be spoken. For example, setting the mask_char to "circle" will speak "circle" instead of the original character.
When setting text length, you must be sure that it is greater than 0. 0 assumes that there is no limit.
Default text controls what the user will see written by default in the input box. If you leave this parameter blank the input box will be blank likewise.
Example:
See test.bgt.

Keyboard controls:
This is a list of keyboard shortcuts that are used while the input box loop is active.
Control V: Paste.
Control C: Copy.
Tab: Read the input box title again.
F1: Toggle capital letter behavior.
F2: Toggle character repeat.
Home: Jump to the top of input.
End: Jump to the bottom of input.
Left arrow: Move cursor left.
Right arrow: Move cursor right.
Up or Down arrow: Read what is written.
